plus
[Music]
[Applause]
with words
dad dad dad dad tells me celia is
he started to kill himself
the day he met her
he goes through the bars he throws himself into temptation
give your soul to the devil
[Music]
sometimes standing
weather
and it had its moment
sometimes
love her but this empty afternoon
she is very moved
I'm very late
very pretty
it is very very late
to win
pa pa pa pa pa pa is celia
they come to visit zombies
and many ghosts lurk him for the
nights
[Music]
he is from celia drives very fast but
stare at the rearview mirror
[Music]
sometimes standing
weather
understand me you know
and had like
this
He once thought about calling her but it's
too late
very pretty
and very late
very very late
country country country country country country country country
pa vélez de celia began to commit suicide
[Music]
[Applause]
the day he met her
[Music]